I can go wherever I like
None of your business
Yeah. Zoom in.
If an adult asks you a question, answer truthfully
Lord Shang, you must have mistaken me
He is a small owner of a small restaurant
Not an adult at all
Shut up, sir, how can you make criticism?
Tell me if you're going to set the fire
So what if I start a fire?
It's impossible for me to betray my boss
Against you
Do you think it has anything to do with the uniform adults?
Can you avoid this disaster?
Hmm, I can tell you
This person in front of you
Even the prefect can't afford to offend
Don't help me, he's not an adult at all
He's just a shopkeeper.
That's just the appearance
If you refuse to say
There are many ways to do it.
No no no
I said I said I was indeed you didn't let me do it
So what's going on here?
After all, he gave me 300 taels of silver
Let me take Lin's Kowloon
I didn't know it was yours.
I want to know if it's you
Just give me a thousand guts, I wouldn't dare
Sure enough, Bifson did it
I know where Bifson's house is
Or we'll go to his house and catch him